#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
dependency-injector==4.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.103.2
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.0
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
lagom==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pony==0.7.17
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.10.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dependency-injector
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements.in
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.23.2
    # via -r requirements.in
win32-setctime==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
